Correction of JsonPrinter output for metadatablock api calls (#10764)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/sphinx-guides/source/api/changelog.rst

    :local:
    :depth: 1

v6.4
----

> - /api/metadatablocks is now returning no duplicated metadata properties and does not ommit metadata properties when called. The JsonPrinter class output is fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **/api/metadatablocks** is now returning no duplicated metadata properties and does not omit metadata properties when called.
```

I'm suggesting that we remove the reference to JsonPrinter because API users don't need to worry about the underlying implementation.

Reviewer 2: @ffritze 
The requested change was not made. Also this now has to be added under V6.5 in the changeling.rst

Reviewer: Done.
